Problem domain s. solution domain

So far we learned about the procedural paradigm, the abstract dataype paradigm
(procedurual and ADT have rather run-time focus),
and the generic paradigm (has rather compile-time focus) 
as solution domain techniques.
Now we will also learn about object-oriented programming (OOP) as solution domain
technique (and a little about using it as a problem-domain technique). OOP adds
inheritance and inclusion polymorphism to ADT and has a strong run-time focus.

Problem domain
What exactly do we want to model?
Please remember: each model is an abstraction, 
each abstraction serves a specific purpose.



Requirements

Customer wants one simple on-board computer for electric (OBCE) and another
one for combustion cars (OBCC).

OBCE is initialized with maximum battery capacity, efficiency,
actual battery capacity (0), mileage (0), maximum speed.
OBCE allows to charge the battery (not exceeding maximum battery capacity).
Charging is done by telling the amount of kWh.
On demand OBCE computes the maximum range.
OBCE allows to drive a certain range and lowers remaining capacity of battery
accordingly. The actual range is limited by the actual battery capacity. The
covered distance is added to the mileage.
For simplicity it is assumed that speed has no influence on power consumption.
On demand the OBCE tells the mileage.
The distance unit is Kilometer (k),
the battery capacity is kiloWatt per hour (kWh),
the efficiency is Watt hours per Kilometer (Wh/km)
the speed is Kilometer per hour (km/h).
See Electric cars:
https://ev-database.org/cheatsheet/useable-battery-capacity-electric-car for
infos about batteries in electric cars.

OBCC is initialized with maximum tank capacity, fuel consumption,
tank level (0), mileage (0), maximum speed.
OBCC allows to refuel the tank (not exceeding maximum tank capacity).
On demand OBCC computes the maximum range.
OBCC allows to drive a certain range and lowers remaining tank level
accordingly. The actual range is limited by the actual tank level. The
covered distance is added to the mileage.
For simplicity it is assumed that speed has no influence on fuel consumption.
On demand the OBCC tells the mileage.
The distance unit is Kilometer (k),
the tank capacity is Liter (l).
the consumption is liter per 100 km (l/100km)
the speed is Kilometer per hour (km/h).

