1) Forbid empty texts
Create a knowledge base with questions, answer or goal that use an empty quoted
string,i.e. "". Obviously, this is not desirable. Therefore, you should detect
empty texts and report them as an aerror.
a) Where would you fix this problem?
b) Implement a fix.
c) Test ithe fix against corresponding test cases.

2) Forbid keywords as variable/value
Create a knowledge base with uses keywords as variables or values, i.e.
"LEGALANSWERS IS LEGALANSWERS IS *". Obviously, this is not desirable.
Therefore, you shoud detect improper use of keywords and prevent it.
a) Where would you fix this problem?
b) Implement a fix.
c) Test the fix against corresponding test cases.

3) Rules accept empty strings as parameters. Obviously, this is not desirable.
Therefore, you should detect empty strings and provide adequate treatment for
this problem.
a) The place, where to fix this problem is pretty obvious. But which mechanism
seems most appropriate to provide adequate treamtnet?
b) Implement the necessary fixes.
c) Test the fixes against corresponding test cases.

4) Sanity checks
Despite all error checking so far, there are still many errors, which are not
detected. For example, there is no If rule that sets the Goal variable, the
Answer variable may be different from the Goal variable (which should cause at
least a warning), there may be duplicated If and question rules, Conditions and
conclusions of If rules may use values which are not defined as Legal Answers
values and so on.
Think about more possible errors.
a) Create a comprehensive list of possible errors.
b) Where would you check for each of this errors and how will you treat it?
c) Inplement all necessary fixes.
d) Implement all necessary test cases.
e) Run the test cases.

5) Add comments
Currently, a knowledge bases include rules only. A possibility for including 
comments as well is to be added. A comment shallt start with # (this should be 
configurable) and extend until a line break. Counting characters must be 
suspended while processing a comment.

6) Add pretty pretting
After a knowledge hase has been loaded it must be possible to export it in 
a pretty-printed format. The order of the rules in the pretty-printed format
must be preserved!
a) Goal rule is completely in one line.
b) Answer rule has three lines (anwser is, text, variable).
c) Question rule has two lines (question variable, is text)
d) Legal answers rule is completely in one linee
e) If rules has individual lines for if 1st condition, each and condition, then
conclusion
If comments have been already added, they must be preserved in the
pretty-printed knowledge base at their relative position.
